To: tim
From: Kyricc
Date: Thu Feb 22 04:58:33 1996
Subject: 'all'
CC: 
BCC: 
-------
hey we need to figure out how to get the driver to recognize the
word 'all'.  Like get 'all' and wear 'all'.  Any idea where we can
do that at?
To: evergreen@Dysfunctional Mud
From: Tim@Dysfunctional Mud
Date: Fri May 31 00:00:05 1996
Subject: Bulletin Board idea
CC: tim@Dysfunctional Mud
-------
I just had this idea and it is probably half-baked, but I'll let you
know before I forget it.
 
Maybe the bulletin boards should be the player's interface to a more
global news system (each board being an interface to a newsgroup).
Then wizards and the like could use newsreaders to interface to the
system and access any newsgroup. (not every group would have a bboard
for it of course)  The news would be handled by a daemon and could
then also easily interface with the intermud stuff.  The implementation
on IdeaExchange and other libs is very usenet-like...I think that is
probably a good way to go.
 
Well, let me know what you think about this.
 
Tim
To: tim@Dysfunctional Mud
From: Evergreen
Date: Wed Sep 11 09:48:21 1996
Subject: problem of player saves
CC: 
-------
You might have a save_object daemon that valid_write() can call. When
the player object issues a 'save' command, some lfun in the player will
tell the save_object daemon it's saving. valid_write() asks the
save daemon if it's allowed to write to the player object file; the
daemon says yes (and when it does, denies permission afterwards so that
there's no hole opened). You can check to make sure that the lfun in
the player was the one that called the save daemon with call_stack() or
something.
 
Just an idea,
Evergreen
To: tim@Dysfunctional Mud
From: Evergreen
Date: Fri Sep 20 12:57:45 1996
Subject: Re: addendum
CC: 
-------
Here's an even zanier idea: two separate file access systems. Normally,
an object carries the uid of its owner except for players, which carry
root, and thus can save at any time. An object *called* by the player
gets to valid_write() with its uid, not the player's, and so doesn't
cause overpermissive stuff and bad things. :-)
 
Of course, the only other objects that can go uid root are in /adm.
Does this simplify things, maybe?
 
Evergreen
